Go Back  	   	Dancingmokey > Downloads  > Music
Reload this Page Mannheim Steamroller - Christmas Extraordinaire
	
Welcome, biaoma.
You last visited: 12-02-2005 at 03:14 AM
Private Messages: Unread 0, Total 0.
Portal 	Forums 	User CP 	Help Menu 	Chat 	Arcade 	Gallery 	Swag Shop 	Members List 	New Posts 	Search 	Journal 	Quick Links 	Log Out

Search Forums

Advanced Search
Find All Thanked Posts
Quick Links
Today's Posts
Mark Forums Read
Open Buddy List
User Control Panel
Edit Signature
Edit Profile
Edit Options
Miscellaneous
Private Messages
Subscribed Threads
My Profile
Who's Online
Journal Links
Journal Index
My Journal
Help Menu
FAQ
Help Desk
Go to Page...
Reply   Create new thread in this forum
View First Unread View First Unread  
	Thread Tools 	Search this Thread 	Rate Thread 	Display Modes
  #1   Add to wiredonritalin's Reputation Report Bad Post  
Unread Yesterday, 12:00 PM
wiredonritalin's Avatar 	
wiredonritalin wiredonritalin is offline
Great User
	  	
Join Date: Jun 2005
Posts: 56
Thanks: 42
Thanked 33 Times in 14 Posts
wiredonritalin is on a distinguished road
Send message to wiredonritalin
Music Mannheim Steamroller - Christmas Extraordinaire
Mannheim Steamroller - Christmas Extraordinaire

Format MP3
@192
62 megs



Chip Davis's Mannheim Steamroller hasn't lost any ground in the six years since their last Yuletide offering. Christmas Extraordinare is another innovative and heartfelt collection of seasonal treasures played on a combination of 18th-century instruments and modern-day synthesizers, drums, and electric guitars. While not the first to marry different ages of musical instruments, Davis and his cohorts use them with imagination and an intensity that gives new life and drama to this rather inert genre. For material, Mannheim Steamroller asked their fans to choose their favorite holiday selections and vote on their Web site. The results of the poll are a fine mix of old and new--with slightly more emphasis on the modern--ranging from the bracing "Fum, Fum, Fum," a traditional Catalan carol, to Tchaikovsky's "Faeries" from The Nutcracker. Mannheim Steamroller imbues this beloved song with an almost militaristic edge, grounding it with an ominous tuba that gives the usually fey "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairies" an edgy tension. "Winter Wonderland" is a spectacular work, bordering on prog rock, as if Emerson, Lake & Palmer had re-formed to whip up a winter blizzard gone amok. While most of the Mannheim Steamroller's Christmas albums are largely instrumental, Davis has employed the considerable talents of University of Michigan's Glee Club to sing on "O Tannenbaum," respectfully fading their elegant, full vocals around the pristine voice of Johnny Mathis, elevating this German carol to a cinematic peak. Don't miss out on the clever liner notes, which give the reader a whimsical, anecdotal history of the 12 songs. --Jaan Uhelszki


1. Hallelujah
2. White Christmas
3. Away In A Manger
4. Faeries
5. Do You Hear What I Hear?
6. The First Noel
7. Silver Bells
8. Fum, Fum, Fum
9. Some Children See Him
10. Winter Wonderland
11. O Tannenbaum
12. Auld Lang Syne

Password: posted by your mama

Code:

http://rapidshare.de/files/8727224/ManStea-ChrExtSFRP.rar

